Brother Sun, think about it
Now hurry up and find an orthopedic doctor
Should it still be treatable?
This is the end of the matter.
Let him get back on his feet and probably die
You have a good brain
This beast
It's about to kill our Sun family
Let him lie in bed for most of his life
Save me a day to make trouble
good brother
Do you think there is any room for manoeuvre in this matter?
It depends on how you do it.
Hey what
What's going on in the sky?
Fight the Sun family twice
Hey, is there any movement from the Sun family?
There's no movement.
That didn't move
Is this God trying to wrong my Su family?
Master, Mr. Sun is asking to see you
When was that?
Wait a minute.
Who did you just say came to see?
Sun Shishi becomes the chairperson
Sun Zhonghua
Quickly invite him in
Mr. Su
junior
Sun Zhonghua came to apologize to you on behalf of Quanzi